1. The system allows the user to type in a URL and open/display the
corresponding page.

2. The system allows the user to open different URL protocols, in
particular "http" and "file".

3. The system allows the user to open Web page in different
versions/flavours of HTML, in particular v4.01 and superior.

4. The system allows the user to navigate through the opened page.

5. The system identifies links and allows the user to browse through
links by selecting and validating on links.

6. The system remembers the URL of previously-opened pages and
allows the user to go "back" ("back" in the navigation sense) to
these.

7. The system allows the user to save the URL of open pages.

8. The system allows the user to retrieve from a list
previously-saved URL and open them again.

9. The system allows the user to navigate trough an open page or
through history or through saved URL or through the Web browser
interface either using the mouse or the keyboard.

10. The system allows the user to print out an open page.

11. The system allows the user to save an open page on disk,
including images so that it can be viewed again from disk.

12. The system allows the open pages to execute JavaScript scripts.

13. The system allows the user to visualise the trace of the
execution of JavaScript scripts.

14. The system allows the open pages to call a Java VM.

15. The system allows the user to visualise the trace of the
execution of a Java VM.

16. The system allows open pages to set cookies.

17. The system allows the user to customise the Web browser to set
default font face and size and to accept/refuse JavaScript and to
load/do not load images and to accept/refuse cookies and to
show/hide favicons and to accept/refuse calls to the Java VM.

18. The system allows the user to search in an opened page for a
given piece of text.

19. The system allows the user to visualise the code source of an
opened page.

20. The system allows the user to clear private data, including
visited URL, cached pages and images, cookies, JavaScript scripts.

21. The system displays favicons if appropriate.
