Andere issues
=============
Cosmetics:
 -

Afgeschoten - geen plannen meer
===============================
(Fill in the access/edit times in 2.) => Not done in current version of PWS either.
Reason: Dont't know the time format. I could choose this myself, but the password safe project has the lead here.

Handle selections (selector iface+impl should be changed to handle this):
- single entry selection => edit possible, remove single
- multiple entry selection => remove multiple
Reason: Does not seem very useful to edit many entries at the same time.

Turn the file tests in real unit tests. Make test files using different versions of pws. Make tests to read all these files. use accents.
Reason: uniformity is not a goal. The file codecs are stable at this time. If problems should arise, we
might reconsider testing the formats. I added two files from two versions of pws though.

Check if the passphrase needs to be stored as plain text. Maybe it is sufficient to store the BF cipher without the plain passphrase. Crf. the JPasswordEditor =-> char[] iso String.
Or do some preprocessing on it so that it is not apparent that it is the master key.
Reason: there must be a simple way to change the password, so we must keep it in memory.

Check header-parameter usage. I suspect these are pwd generating parameters, not sure of this.
It is part of the header of the 2.0 files.
Reason: No plans to use this info.

Merge wizard to open other db and select one or more entries and these get inserted in the current database.
Or only import a complete database.
Reason: Already covered by import. No use for a selection of records. Too complicated.

i8n. Extract textual information, put it in resource bundles. Provide bundles for at least EN, NL, FR.
Maybe add the locale as a parameter.
Reason: It would take too much time to translate everything. Also the help should be translated. I see how it can be done, that is the
most important issue. At this point in time I would like to get a working app. out of the door.

Influence location/size of help window, make it as big as pwt window.
Note: No simple way to do this, the window can move after the broker has been set and before help has been invoked.
So we should write our own broker who keeps track of the parent window. But than again, if the help
is already shown, the help window should not move... we leave it at this; lots of troubles, not much gains.

Rework layout of panels so that they look good in JGoodies, but are okay in Metal.
Note: I choose the JGoodies look, it is a find L&F; Dont go through the troubles of letting the layout
be dictated by the worst L&F.

Test nested trees, this happens when group name contains \ or / (I forgot).
Note: the dot "." is the splitting character!!!!!!!!!
Can we add group changing by dragging pwd's? -> see hack book.
Note: feature not immediately useful. Will reconsider later. Keep lean and mean.

Review help button and other button placements in panels/dialogs - the placement should be made consistent.
Add help buttons?
Reason: No help buttons on the GUI except for the very first screen, just to help the user to get started.
On all other screens, the implicit F1 key is provided.

Done
====
Default uid, group, title.
Note: Alleen uid/group genomen. Title is verondersteld om te veranderen van entry tot entry.

Add group combobox so the user can select an existing group.
Note: Toch nog wat problemen met hoogte van de combobox. zou mooist zijn moest deze even groot zijn
als te text fields eronder...

Right button context menu for entries - insert, edit, delete/copy uid, copy pwd.

Add accelerators/fastkeys to the menu's (or the actions?). Look at the password safe shortcuts and
emulate the same keys.

Handle null preference -> remove preference? Eg. set empty default db => problems.

Review handling of character codec (utf8, unicode) and the way the values are written to the bytebufs. Maybe make this a user preference.
Reason: Do not know which character set to choose.
Maybe use pws and generate some characters with accents?   -> compare accented characters in different implementations.
Some versions will support unicode, others don't ...
US-ASCII Seven-bit ASCII, a.k.a. ISO646-US, a.k.a. the Basic Latin block of the Unicode character set
ISO-8859-1   ISO Latin Alphabet No. 1, a.k.a. ISO-LATIN-1
UTF-8 Eight-bit UCS Transformation Format
UTF-16BE Sixteen-bit UCS Transformation Format, big-endian byte order
UTF-16LE Sixteen-bit UCS Transformation Format, little-endian byte order
UTF-16 Sixteen-bit UCS Transformation Format, byte order identified by an optional byte-order mark
Todo:
   * Generate pwd file with accents in all fields, do it in pws 1.0 and pws 2.0 format.
   * Try them in patra.
Probable scenario: I think 1.0 is in iso format, and 2.0 in unicode. So the solution should be: keep all fields internally in unicode.
===> solution: the charset should be in the codec. The codec should be used to transform the field into a string. The codec1 would use iso
     and the codec2 would use unicode. There is an extra issue: Right now when transforming a db between codecs only the codec is  replaced
     but an extra step is needed: the fields sould be converted from byte[]->String using the old codec and then from String->byte[] using the new codec.
Notes: Reality is much much simpler. ISO-8895-1 is used for all data. So not furhter logic is needed (for the time being).

Preferences.
- Initial db
  The start dialog also contains a db. Right now changing this always changes the preference-db.
  This should be changed. If the user changes the db in the start and it is different from the preference,
  then the GUI should ask if this should be made a preference.
  This allows the user to temporarily choose another db without affecting the default the next time.
- window position/size
- table view configuration
- tree view configuration
- ...
Notes: Saving window position and size is not implemented, I doubt the value of this feature.

Table improvements:
- configurable columns       -- Not done, not much value in it. There are only 3 cols, if there were
                                say 10 columns or more, than it would become interesting, but not with
                                only 3 cols.
- sortable columns  (!!!!!!) -- Ok this is implemented using the hacks book.
- allow direct edit of fields in table itself (not all fields are editable - eg. times)
                             -- Not done. It gives a restricted view on the complete record.

Search box to reduce the number of items in tree/table. Kind of a filter function to quickly search for entries in the list. Handy when there are a lot of entries.
Filter functionality on list/tree, the user types some chars in some field and the list is automatically truncated
to the entries containing the string.
Notes: done. Inspiration from the hack book.

Error when > 2.0 version.

Tree improvements:
- Tree should be sorted. -- Ok, done.
- allow change of group names by allowing node edits of group. -- Not done. not much value in it, a combination is shown not a single field...
- allow direct edit of visible name in tree itself (if only 1 field is shown). -- Not done. not much value in it.
- customizable display        -- Not done, not enough customizable information available.

Clear clipboard command.
Notes: No problems.

Explicit command to convert from 1-2. So that the user has the option to convert even after opening the file.
Autoconvert should use this command as well.

Explicit command to convert from 2->1. So that the user has the option to convert even after opening the file.
Autoconvert should use this command as well.

Add preference to indicate if the password should be shown by default when editing entries or not.

Add preference to never ask for setting the default database to the newly opened file.
So in this case you can only change the default database explicitly using the preferences.
The gui will never suggest to make a new database the default.

.dat extensie automatisch toevoegen .... wanneer? Men moet ook file kunnen
openen met andere extensie of zonder extensie ... Hoe doen andere prgs dit?
Winzip laat bvb. niet toe om files te maken *zonder* extensie! Mischien een preference van maken?

Keep a number (see prefs. 0-10) of backups, named in a certain way (as moneydance does)
for safety. You always have the x latest versions around. If something goes wrong, you
can return to one of the x latest versions. If you have only one backup copy
the backup might be corrupt as well. The more versions you keep, the less the change you are f**.

import/export to csv. -> CSV is sufficient, we will stick to this.
import/export to xml. -> Introduces new complexities => which format? etc. I dont want to define a XML format.
                         We will skip the XML until there is an explicit request for this.
import other pwd dababase -> Only import, export could be done by saving.

Focus traversal in dialog boxes. See that input box has focus and that some button is default button.
The password dialog is such an example, the text box should have focus immediately.
Solved it by creating the dialog box from option pane and then setting options.

ESC key should be shortcut for cancel button.
ENTER should be shortcut for do it or go.
Note: added ESC listener to start panel. JOptionpane has this behaviour by default.

Add "change passphrase" action to the features.

Add "save as" action.

Add a warning box wen exporting - warn that passwords will be exposed on disk.
Add an option to turn these warnings off.

When opening a safe, a password is asked. If this is wrong, the password dialog should remain open.
Right now the operation is aborted, and the user does not have the chance to correct his mistake.

About-action => popup with logo and (c).

Help action => starts javahelp.

Link the help system in the application (use skeleton help, not the final version), see that all help buttons have a link
to corresponding topic. Put help browser jar in lib folder. Consider F1...

Create LOGO

Remove all external links from help. External sites are not rendered good in help browser.
Just mention the URL.

Review focus cycle, especially for the editors.
Note: When the JCombobox has focus the component does not release it... I suspect this is a bug
in the look and feel. I dont know how to solve this in short term.

Alle GUI tekst in bundles steken.

About box, text vervangen door HTML ipv image. Analoog aan banner in start panel.
Background image opnieuw maken, rechterkant slot moet van grafiek.
Note: Adjusted the image a bit, enlarged the background so that it became a bit nicer.
For the time being no need to be more fancy than this, the simple adjustment suffices.

put logo in
   start panel
   about box
   help

Take screenshots.
Take screenshots and elaborate the help system.

Create a help system and integrate it in to the application.
Look at JavaHelp and ... tool to create the contents.
Note: used JHelpbuilder free tool in combination with NVU to construct the helpsystem.   